# File: custom_tests
# ------------------
# This file contains a list of custom tests to be run by the sanity check tool.
# Refer to the course website for more information.
#
# Below are example custom tests, you can edit this file to change or add new tests.


test_implicit -q samples/example1-nofree.script
test_explicit -q samples/example1-nofree.script
test_implicit -q samples/example2-recycle.script
test_explicit -q samples/example2-recycle.script
test_implicit -q samples/example3-inplace.script
test_explicit -q samples/example3-inplace.script
test_implicit -q samples/example4-coalesce.script
test_explicit -q samples/example4-coalesce.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-coalesce.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-coalesce.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-mixed.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-mixed.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-realloc.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-realloc.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-recycle.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-recycle.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-repeat.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-repeat.script
test_implicit -q samples/pattern-updown.script
test_explicit -q samples/pattern-updown.script
test_implicit -q samples/robust.script
test_explicit -q samples/robust.script
test_implicit -q samples/trace-chs.script
test_explicit -q samples/trace-chs.script
test_implicit -q samples/trace-emacs.script
test_explicit -q samples/trace-emacs.script
test_implicit -q samples/trace-firefox.script
test_explicit -q samples/trace-firefox.script
test_implicit -q samples/trace-gcc.script
test_explicit -q samples/trace-gcc.script
